chore: Add Vaadin Spring scopes diagram (#526)
vaadin/docs: articles/flow/integrations/spring/scopes.asciidoc

** `UIScope` for targeting beans to a browser window or tab opened by the user
** `RouteScope` for targeting beans to certain routing components pointed by the `RouteScopeOwner` qualifier

> .Overview of Vaadin Spring scopes annotations for bean classes

Reviewer: This diagram is a tricky one to describe, since it has some example case that is not shown in code. I would go with:
```suggestion
.Overview of how Vaadin specific scopes relate to each other when used in navigation targets
```

Reviewer 2: You could avoid that very image captions, and rather explain it in an introducing sentence before the diagram.

Author: I've improved the image caption as suggested, but kept the caption, instead of separate sentence, because IMO the scopes are well-described in the existing sub sections. This diagram is just a visual representation what was written before.

> .Overview of Vaadin Spring scopes annotations for bean classes

Reviewer: Non-blocking comment: I would change the diagram to use `/PATH` instead of `URL` and maybe `BROWSER WINDOW/TAB`. But it is probably fine as-is. The comment about "url is more common than path" doesn't apply IMO since this is highly Vaadin context dependent and you need to understand routes + paths at this point.

Author: Looking at this after a while, I agree that the `path` is better fit to Vaadin `route`, so renamed it.

> image::images/spring-scopes.png[Overview of Vaadin Spring scopes annotations for bean classes (including navigation targets) and their binding to app, session, page and url]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::images/spring-scopes.png[Overview of Vaadin specific scopes for bean classes (including navigation targets) and their binding to app, session, page and URL]
```

Reviewer 2: Notice that you can't have commas in the Alt text for images, you need to quote the text in ".

Author: Fixed the alt text and wrapped it to `"`.
